[ indistinct conversations ]
[ keyboarding ]
[ sultry hip hop plays ]
lay on your back.
♪
do you know why we're doing thi?
Because you're beneath me and yt
on top of you to know that.
♪
so, for this class, [ whimsical]
all the things that you're goin,
you can apply those in your eve.
-Mmm! -Does anyone want to join?
Mm-hmm. -[giggles]
[ rock music plays ]
when I was growing up, my sex ed
of being locked in a chastity bt
and shown a slideshow of the wos
most heinous cases of herpes.
Luckily, porn exists, -unh! Unh!
So I just learned about sex fro,
thus, explaining my gangbang fay
and the fact that my entire genn
is riddled with sexual anxiety.
Lol!
I got to thinking,
when fighting the dark forces
of sex-negative america,
"what can the superheroes of se"
♪
♪ evan and cindy ♪
♪ (scat singing) -y-y-y-y-y-y-y♪
♪ to me, they're ♪
♪ the same ♪ -in large parts of,
young people are receiving
their first sexual information .
Porn has its recreational benef,
but it's not intended as an edu.
So I'm meeting up with cindy ga,
who created a website called ma,
which hosts videos of real peop,
for audiences to learn from and.
Multi-tasking.
-♪ oh, I love cindy ♪
gallop: Everybody wants to be g.
No one knows exactly what that ,
and so you'll seize your cues f.
If the only cues you've seen ar,
those are the ones you'll take.
So are you anti-porn?
Not in the slightest!
This is why our tagline at maken
deliberately is "pro-sex. Pro-p.
Pro-knowing the difference."
people have unconsciously inters
without even realizing they're t
because porn is now so ubiquito.
Sex in porn is performative...
[ shouting ]
oh, yeahhh!
Whoa.
...And sex in the real world is.
Difficult getting on.
[ laughter ]
no one ever laughs in porn.
I've noticed that. It's very se.
You know, if you can't laugh at,
when can you?
We are what facebook would be
if it allowed you to socially s.
And what kind of people
submit videos to your site?
The answer to that, karley, is:.
So, our make love not porn stare
from 18 to 70, -ahhh!
Real-world bodies,
real-world penis size,
real-world breast size.
They are from all walks of life.
They are from all countries in .
Anybody and everybody. -It's gl.
It is global, yeah.
Cool, recording.
Nothing educates people about sx
like watching people actually h.
These videos look hot.
Yeah. No, they really are, I te.
This guy's cute.
[ whimsical outro plays ] [ sir]
we also want to use our unique s
to change the way people think .
[ mid-tempo tune plays ]
the language of porn is predomi.
So the person who coined the te"
didn't have a vagina. [ musical]
pounding, banging, slamming,
wrecking, smashing, destroying,
all terms created by the people
who do not possess the soft, ine
to which those things are being.
So, at make love not porn,
we are building a new vocabular.
Juicy, succulent.
Our term for oral is "downtown,"
and we do that because it's lane
to talk about what you want to d
in a celebratory, positive, and.
That would've been so valuable e
when I was young.
Exactly.
[ upbeat rock plays ]
karley: Okay, cool.
But who are the crazies out thee
making their own normcore porn?
Hi. -Hi!
[ laughing ] -hello.
We've been married nine years.
Before we had our child, you kn,
we were on each other all the t,
it was that perfect honeymoon p.
We still had a lot of fun, but,,
it was just like it just went d.
-Dry spell. -Yeah.
-Yes. -[laughing] a very long o.
Ugh!
Everything was focused on the by
and you're just exhausted, by t.
How did you guys find out about?
I was looking through differents
that would be more like couple-.
So when we looked at the videos,
it was like, "look! People who "
'cause when you have your body ,
it is nothing like what it looke
before you get pregnant.
It felt like a whole world open.
And then, whose idea was it
to start making your own videos?
I was very adamant about it.
I was like, "no, we need to do "
♪
that seems like such a jump.
Most people would be so nervous
to make a video of themselves h.
-Oh, yeah. We were nervous, too.
♪
it's still very scary 'cause yoe
putting yourself out there,
but... -It's exciting,
at the same time. -It just felt,
like it was exciting and let's e
a new adventure like together. ,
-like this is so perfect. -And .
That's what I like about it, ye.
Mm-hmm. Thankfully, for us,
it's been very positive. -Very .
-Very positive. -Been very posi.
Everyone's in agreement about t.
[ laughs ]
♪
yeah, see, we're showing glare.
So do the people
that you're close to in your lis
know that you guys do this?
-They don't. -No.
So it's kind of like our fun se.
It's like, "who's gonna find out
and ask us about it?"
what have you guys learned abour
since finding the site?
I think communication is the bi.
Watching our own videos, it's I,
I watch it and I can see how she
the way she liked.
Also, I will talk about it, if ,
and I'd be like, "oh! Okay."
it's like, "I see this now."
it was the same for me, too, 'ct
what you both like.
♪
okay, well, I don't wanna like .
I know you're gonna
work right now.
[ laughter ]
♪
karley: So, clearly, good sex c.
But what about in the classroom?
Is today's sex-ed curriculum eq?
Barrica: "15 ways to blow his m.
"eat a doughnut off his dick."
do you feel that most people inl
are actually being abstinent?
I -- no.
It's not about hitting as hard .
♪
[ upbeat rock plays ]
I grew up in a town where the pd
to prevent our health teacher
from teaching us how to put a c.
[ warble! ]
spoiler alert: I didn't get gre.
So I've come to the glamorous aa
to ask random strangers whethere
was just as tragic as mine.
Did you have any form of sex ed?
I vaguely remember it, but I do.
No.
I didn't know what masturbations
until I was 16.
You just figured it out for you?
Fortunately.
I've heard that, if you hug som,
and they're also in a bathing s,
then you'll get pregnant.
So who was the first person
who taught you about sex?
My sister. She was like, "you ke
rub each other until it like fe"
all I remember was having to wa.
-Oh! -A friend of mine,
when I was 16, we went downtown.
We met a nice lady and, for a s,
we learned about sex.
The true rite of passage.
♪
confirmed: My generation's sex .
But I wonder if anything's chan.
To find out, I'm meeting up
with a precocious teenager name.
At trinity's high school, the sm
was all about avoiding sex comp.
Helpful.
So, what sort of stuff does onen
in an abstinence-only sex-ed cl?
In georgia, the law requires ths
a, promote abstinence, and b, iy
is best within the confines of .
Pfff. That's hard.
Basically, it's like, "if you h,
you'll get pregnant and die."
it just creates fear and panic.
What if I wanna have sex before?
Well, I guess you just
have to be prepared to die.
Scare tactic, that's all they w.
They wanna scare kids into not x
and it obviously is not working.
Condoms, do you think that's a ?
When you use a condom,
it's like you're playing russia.
Also, I don't think it says the.
Wow.
I'm a gay woman, myself,
and I did feel kind of invisibl.
They're actively dismissing que.
Yeah. Also, just implies that sy
for the use of procreation, in .
You know, it's just like it's v.
Do you feel that most people
in your school, your age,
are actually being abstinent?
[laughing] no. I -- no.
But, yeah, I think, you know, ad
this "you get pregnant and die ,
they don't know how to engage I.
Which I assume, in turn, leads s
of unwanted pregnancies
and higher rates of stds.
Yeah. Actually, when the curricd
in my area, the gonorrhea and cs
increased about 300%, among tee.
Karley: Yikes! Sounds scary.
But georgia isn't the only statx
[ squeaking ] with just-say-no .
Thirty-six american states currh
federally funded abstinence-onl,
which were recently rebranded
as sexual-risk-avoidance progra.
That's a lot of slut-shamey tax.
I know you're organizing an eve.
What's gonna happen?
I wanna communicate these conced
and so I invited some of my pees
to have kind of a focus group ao
to make the curriculum more ince
and just better for all student.
So what you all have in your has
the standard sex-education abst.
A lot of abstinence-only progras
actually have a pledge you can .
So this one has a pledge as wel.
I signed it. I signed it.
Ugh, wonderful.
And, if you didn't sign it, thee
publicly shamed. -Yeah.
Like they said, "your virginityt
only for your husband.
I want you to pretend
that it's a physical, small objt
that you can unwrap and give tom
on your wedding night."
the virginity construct is alwan
and it's always on girls. -Yeah.
-Yes. -When I went to middle sc,
there was this sex-education vio
and they compared a girl to a s.
[ sultry r&b plays ] michel?
My sneakers?
And the guy said, "oh, my god."
it looks like the entire footbam
has been in these things.
-[gasp ] -yeah.
Did anyone else do the tape thi?
-Yes. -We had the tape thing.
She's kinda tall and thin.
Pretend this is your new girlfr?
-Yeah. -My teacher actually took
a piece of tape
and she stuck it on a student'sm
and then she went and stuck it
on another student's arm, and st
on another student's arm, and s,
and then she held it up. She's .
This is the metaphor for what hs
when we have sex before we get .
"this is all gross-looking
and it's not sticking to people"
don't be this gross piece of ta.
Not quite as tight, not quite a.
"if you keep having sex, you'ree
nasty-looking and nobody's gonn"
at this age, we're already havi.
At this point, we don't need mot
just because we chose to have s.
I love that it says, "you have s
your energy on life goals," likp
so much energy [ laughter ]
that you're like depleted forev.
Also like what if sex is your l?
[ laughter ]
so what do you guys think are st
we can promote change and make ?
Provide them with medically acc.
Meet them without shame and sti.
Provide something that's compre.
What happens if someone is abst,
and then they get married and td
to like have conversations abou,
avoiding pregnancy, avoiding st?
In the event that I do have sex,
how do I do it in a way that I ,
in a way that I don't get pregn?
[ whimsical tune plays ] it's s,
how informed you are, and, when,
I primarily cared about being b.
Amazing, that you're all reallyr
to make a huge change and I reak
that it's possible.
Us informing each other, us edu,
is a really powerful tool
that we have that they can't ta.
We're gonna mobilize and vote
and bring this issue to other ps
and it's time we just say enough
and we deserve better.
[ hip hop plays ]
[ indistinct conversations ] ♪
if more people knew about how j,
I think there would definitely .
How cool would it be if you
just went to school and people ,
"sexual orientation's on a spec,
-yeah, that'd be great. -"this "
and like, "this is how to come."
-yeah. -That will never happen.
[laughing] maybe the first two,.
Karley: Okay, sex can be risky
and it's important to teach yout
in a way that doesn't result ina
of unwanted diseases and babies.
That said, where the f do peopls
that banging can actually be, y?
Did anyone here learn about ple?
♪
[ upbeat rock plays ]
after years of personal and pseh
into the subject of sexuality,
I've come to the conclusion thae
fun. Who knew?
So I'm headed to meet andrea ba,
the founder of o.School,
a company that livestreams sex-s
that focus on pleasure, which, .
Hey, o.School! We're about to do
a querying up sex-ed livestream
at the center for sex and cultu.
Wherever you are in the world, .
Thanks for coming!
The state of sex ed in america y
is worse than it's been in deca.
♪
that's really what led me to st.
What are some of the classes
that would be taught through o.?
We have livestreams every singl.
Anywhere from buying your first,
all the way to "I think I might"
and what's important to us is ts
and educators that share some o.
For example, we have an educatom
who has cerebral palsy
and educates on all the issues y
that can come with having a dis.
People from 130 countries have n
and been able to experience thin
for the first time.
Why is it important that we have
pleasure-based sex ed?
Sex and pleasure
are major parts of human sexual.
I'm shocked that we're still noe
that a lot of the reasons we hax
is 'cause it feels really, real.
Well, it should be the most obv,
but it's always left out.
Hey, everybody. How are you doi?
[ cheering and applause ]
thank you for being he-e-e-re!
Okay.
How many of you had any sex ed ?
And did anyone here learn about?
In general, where do we learn a?
-Porn. -Porn.
-Cosmo, anyone? -[laughing]
seventh grade, never forget it:
"15 ways to blow his mind.
Number 7: Eat a doughnut off hi"
[ laughter ] anyone get that on?
Well, it's 2018.
As a society, we should be teace
that it's [ striking palm] okay,
and fun and connection
and things that have nothing to.
How many of you can identify wh?
[ whimsical tune plays ]
tell me about when you learned .
I literally founded o.School
before I learned the structure ,
so you will not be embarrassed.
You cannot be more embarrassed ,
starting a pleasure education cy
and being like, "what's that? []
why does it look like a dinosau"
this is the clitoral hood.
This is the clitoris, but just .
And what people don't know is te
is part of a larger structure
that's about 4 centimeters in t.
It has 8,000 nerve endings.
It's the only organ in the humay
that's only job is to have plea.
Did anyone learn that in school?
-No. -No.
-I have held this up in places
all over the country, with doct,
and they can't identify this or.
And the reason why: It was writt
of medical textbooks in the '50.
They just were like, "not impor"
we didn't fully understand it
until dr. Helen o'connell disco.
They actually found the clitori?
-Yeah. -Wow.
-So what that means is we
put someone on the moon,
we invented the internet,
before we really understood
this organ that's in half the p.
How can we build a culture of st
if we do not allow people to re,
whatever that is, and to get th?
[ cheering and applause ]
thank you. -Awesome job.
Thank you.
I just left o.School.
I learned so much.
Specifically, the fact that my .
Like who knew? Not me.
Clearly, when it comes to learn,
we have a long way to go, espece
so many different ways to be tu.
[ bell clanging ]
it's important not to go direct.
♪
[ laughing ]
♪ my libido ♪
♪ point me in the ♪
♪ I thought ♪
[ bird whistles ] ♪ I really ♪
♪ had me a man ♪
so far, we've learned the impore
of pleasure-based sex ed,
but good sex isn't just physica.
It's mental, too.
Duh.
So I'm attending a bdsm class w,
who schools people on how explog
the psychological aspects of kik
can help to enhance your sex li.
[ funk plays ]
all right, submissives.
Please let the doms enter.
♪
[ chuckle ]
bow.
Welcome to femdom 101, or bdsm .
A lot of people think that
domination is all going to be a,
but, really, that's only, like .
For the most part, it's more in.
Do you consider what you do sex?
Yes. Bdsm can be an amazing too,
build sexual confidence, and to.
-Yeah. -And women,
they often are in this role whed
to be small and submissive natu,
so I want to give them the oppoy
to be able to switch that role,
and that's what this class is m.
-I'm down for that. -Mm-hmm. Mm.
[ whimsical tune plays ]
so, I wanna go over a bit
of what I call the kink starter.
To start off, we are going to d.
So you wanna get towards the bae
'cause there's less nerve endin.
This is also where mothers pick,
so it's a very dominant, yet ma.
I'm not pulling.
I'm just making a fist.
People do like a hair pull, and.
[ laughter ] but in this way,
you have all this control.
When you learn how to dom, you'g
how to navigate power dynamics.
I wanna use monk for a bit of t.
And, with trampling, he's liter.
So it's another kind of tool of.
I'm trying to stay on more fles.
-Mmm! [ laughter ]
okay. Nipple play.
It's important not to go direct,
and pinch, like pinch the areol.
How about this? You stick out y.
Doesn't necessarily have to be .
Or I can kind of be a dick abou.
[ laughter ]
karley: Oh, right. Discovering
your partner's boundaries can a.
[ laughing ]
♪
we think of domination,
it's not about going straight f.
It's about building this repeti.
And, if I get him used to this,
when I change it up,
I makes it a surprise.
[ thwack! ]
♪
the experience is all located a,
in what they want or don't want.
Does this feel nice, monk?
Yeah. That's your playground.
[ thwack! ]
so thank you all for coming to .
I hope that you have all the tod
to start exploring your dominan.
[ applause ]
♪
do you think that it's important
that classes like this
be included in our sex educatio?
Absolutely. It talks about cons,
which can be applied in every a.
And I've always been more submie
and so I'm really enjoying like
owning my dominance.
[ thwack! ]
karley: Wow. So I guess learning
how to safely assault your partr
can make you super well-rounded.
Very good.]
♪
when it comes to sex ed,
we're starting with such a low r
that simply acknowledging that ,
and won't necessarily kill you,
is a radical act.
Thankfully, the slutty superhery
are paving the way for a future,
one day, lessons that include I,
and how to have a [bleep] orgase
won't be the exception, but the.
[ thwack ]
class dismissed, sluts.
♪